Gwenevere Abriel: On a Friday I was abused it sure that you sound.
Gwenevere Abriel: Good gorgeous.
Elizabeth Sandoval: Thank you.
Gwenevere Abriel: I see he's got some dark under his eyes, his are hard to see him like that.
Yeah.
Elizabeth Sandoval: Its arms are about as big as mine, or would say because my brother has always been like a big stocky guy, you know, like
Elizabeth Sandoval: You know he he was a boxing trainer used to train my nephew. He was professional for a while. But then he got sick. And yeah, so he had to stop doing all those things. So
Gwenevere Abriel: Did he have a really
Hard
Elizabeth Sandoval: He's kind of like all he doesn't sleep. He doesn't eat or drink march and when he asked to like they have to give them as medicine.
Elizabeth Sandoval: Like smash it up like with apple sauce or something and it's hard for him to get it down because I guess it's so hard for him to swallow. Now, because that mass is so big.
Elizabeth Sandoval: So then he started
Elizabeth Sandoval: I didn't know
Gwenevere Abriel: Was up here. OK.
Elizabeth Sandoval: Now it is, it's, it's like him his airway now so
Elizabeth Sandoval: He
Elizabeth Sandoval: I feel like he prefers
Gwenevere Abriel: He's is he saying he's in in physical pain.
Elizabeth Sandoval: Yeah he is may have them pretty medicated they're just keeping them, you know, comfortable
Elizabeth Sandoval: Right. That's a hospice does. They don't give them any like IV fluids. No, not be, you know, letting it run its course. But it's horrible to see
Elizabeth Sandoval: It's running its course, you know,
Elizabeth Sandoval: It's very hard.
Gwenevere Abriel: When you are hanging out with with your son or your daughter with your mom.
Gwenevere Abriel: What's it like to be around them through this process.
Elizabeth Sandoval: Um, they it feels good, like we all feel. I feel like we're all supporting each other. We're all there for each other, you know,
Elizabeth Sandoval: I know everyone is taking it kind of in a different way.
Elizabeth Sandoval: Um,
Elizabeth Sandoval: But I think like as far as our family, we've we've become like stronger together so
Elizabeth Sandoval: It's good.
Gwenevere Abriel: There was something you had, I can review the note that we had met before, but you had
Gwenevere Abriel: I think it was your nice
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, I see it nice having a hard time I have to step up and be more there for her and my nephew is that you
Gwenevere Abriel: Know there is it changed.
Elizabeth Sandoval: A little bit. I still have it is just because I feel like they're, they're kind of like close to me and maybe they come in spend more time with me. I don't know, maybe because
Elizabeth Sandoval: I don't know.
Elizabeth Sandoval: But
Elizabeth Sandoval: The only thing that
Elizabeth Sandoval: Kind of like no other drinking, you know, and it's not a good way to. I know they're hurting. But if I'm trying to like
Elizabeth Sandoval: Stir them in the way of like saying like, oh my goodness decisions. People know you're hurting and sorry but that's like one thing
Elizabeth Sandoval: Like I have to step up to
Gwenevere Abriel: Well,
Elizabeth Sandoval: I don't know.
Oh,
Gwenevere Abriel: Last time and look it takes probably everything you've got to get through each day, but
Gwenevere Abriel: It. We're kind of back to some of what we talked about last time, which was
Gwenevere Abriel: To maybe write down some things that might be kind of positive and fun to do with them instead of drinking
Elizabeth Sandoval: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: What do you think of
That
Elizabeth Sandoval: Well I that's my theme. It's just like they call and do their thing and then like when I see them, they're drunk or something. So I'm like, Dang, we could have done something else. Totally different you know together.
Elizabeth Sandoval: Even like coming like them coming over to grow and stuff, you know I am. I'm so down with that. But I always tell them I don't want no alcohol and you know like I want you guys just to come eat and but that's not what I want in my house. You know, I kind of, I put my like enforce that you
Elizabeth Sandoval: Have different
Gwenevere Abriel: Are you having. How does enforcing look like because on one hand, they're drinking and then you say you're enforcing I'm just curious. Are you having trouble enforcing it.
Elizabeth Sandoval: I guess maybe
Elizabeth Sandoval: I don't know, they want to come over, like
Elizabeth Sandoval: There, they've already been drinking. So I'll try to keep them from like leaving or driving, you know. Um, but yeah, I know I will let them do it here. I really
Elizabeth Sandoval: You know, you guys can come over, but users are going to be drinking
Elizabeth Sandoval: This this party, please, you know,
Gwenevere Abriel: Here's your son is 19 right and
Gwenevere Abriel: She's 20
Elizabeth Sandoval: She's actually just turned 21
Elizabeth Sandoval: Now our main
Elizabeth Sandoval: may sit here and start a birthday.
Gwenevere Abriel: And for you with with alcohol is this one of these things that it doesn't trouble you. It's not the same as as a heroin and opiate and math. It's not the same as that, kind of, I mean every house and families a little
Elizabeth Sandoval: Yeah yeah I'm for me. I've never had like a big like thing with drinking. Remember that's never was my thing. I mean, I drink, probably, like, you know, when I was like in my 20s and stuff a little bit. But never was like every day or, you know,
Elizabeth Sandoval: This this moment. So
Elizabeth Sandoval: Yeah, so it kind of bothers me.
Elizabeth Sandoval: When they do agree because I don't know, I just, I feel like I just I can't control everything. You know, so relax live
Gwenevere Abriel: So this is one of those moments where you think you have tried to enforce it. And this is where you're maybe using that radical acceptance. You're just saying this is
Gwenevere Abriel: Your good I kind of step back and not not tell them I'm going to take this away or this way because you've done that with him before. You've, you've tried to change his behavior.
Elizabeth Sandoval: Yeah.
Elizabeth Sandoval: But
Elizabeth Sandoval: I mean,
Elizabeth Sandoval: I took him to step away from him.
Elizabeth Sandoval: You know he's he's not allowed to use his car, he you know he takes off with my my niece, you know, so
Elizabeth Sandoval: I don't know.
Elizabeth Sandoval: That's the only thing I feel like
Elizabeth Sandoval: I don't know. I can stop them from leaving sometimes, you know,
We
Elizabeth Sandoval: Can always having our time. He is actually starting to talk with a therapist himself to I've been waiting on months on it like
Elizabeth Sandoval: And they finally called him last week, and he had like a little like session like Probably so. So, you know, to introduce himself and all that. So hopefully that'll help him. Okay, I know.
Yeah.
Elizabeth Sandoval: My niece and my nephew, I really just need to kind of like step back. So with them. Like, I mean, we know if they want to come over to my house. They know what I want. If they can respect that and they can you know hang out.
Elizabeth Sandoval: I want to be there for them. But that's no i don't agree with that. And I don't think that's going to help them in any way like get past this little well not this little bump. But this gigantic
Elizabeth Sandoval: Thing that's going on in their lives, you know, their father.
Gwenevere Abriel: What does it bring up for you, their approach to solving this grief problem. What does it bring up for you.
Elizabeth Sandoval: Well, I know they're just like trying to run away from it and we know
Elizabeth Sandoval: I just for me. I just don't want them to be like me or hand me and all later on in life.
Elizabeth Sandoval: And have this problem being all of the addiction. That's the thing that really bothers me.
Elizabeth Sandoval: They're so young, you know,
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you think that you're ready.
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you think you've developed enough resources coping skills self confidence to go out and face life without a substance in you. Do you think you've learned what you need.
Elizabeth Sandoval: I don't know, I can't say I'm completely well
Elizabeth Sandoval: I'm still like had some work to go. But yeah, I think I've learned a lot, you know, my perspective of life is so much different. When I was on drugs, you know,
Elizabeth Sandoval: Like I feel like my mind is clear, like my the way i think i think you know
Elizabeth Sandoval: But
Elizabeth Sandoval: No, no, everything is kind of crazy the world like we can't even go shopping and do normal things know
Elizabeth Sandoval: Kind of crazy everything
Gwenevere Abriel: You seem today.
Gwenevere Abriel: Like the feelings, the awareness of what's going on. It's not quite as much on the surface as sometimes maybe last week it was, what do you think you're doing a little differently. This week, and maybe last week.
Elizabeth Sandoval: Acceptance. I guess I like this past week, I was like, you know,
Elizabeth Sandoval: I know this is gonna hurt me, but I don't want to, you know, suffer, you know,
Elizabeth Sandoval: I don't want him to like because I started when I really like my me look so
Elizabeth Sandoval: You've been falling down and he's so like stubborn. He wants to keep going you know he wants to get up and, you know, but he does cat. And then he like he doesn't even like like sense. You know, when he talks.
Elizabeth Sandoval: I just want him to me in peace, I guess.
Elizabeth Sandoval: Already last week I was like angry and
Elizabeth Sandoval: I wasn't feeling good, because I don't like medicine this stuff, you know,
Elizabeth Sandoval: I mean, I feel better. This week, with some extent a little messed up, but
Elizabeth Sandoval: My mind feels better than last
Elizabeth Sandoval: Part have all the emotions.
Gwenevere Abriel: This is just such an incredibly difficult time so difficult.
Elizabeth Sandoval: Then I worry about everything.
Gwenevere Abriel: Tell me what worries you
Elizabeth Sandoval: Worry about my son I worry about my niece and my nephew you no
Elizabeth Sandoval: Worries I know my parents will be okay because like my mom's doing better like she's accepted it, too. And she's like,
Elizabeth Sandoval: You know, like I know I'm preparing my dad will get this are strong together, you know,
Elizabeth Sandoval: I just worry for my niece and my nephew.
Elizabeth Sandoval: Mostly
Elizabeth Sandoval: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: The other way that you see it from
Gwenevere Abriel: That your parents because that's the first time I've heard that they're good together and they'll get through it together and that surprised me during that
Gwenevere Abriel: And but to lose a child. I don't think most parents are prepared for that I
Gwenevere Abriel: Wonder why you see it the other way, as if the parents seem like a
Gwenevere Abriel: Why do you think your parents would be cope better
Elizabeth Sandoval: No I don't, I don't know, like
Elizabeth Sandoval: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: It just surprised me. That's all.
Elizabeth Sandoval: I see you know
Elizabeth Sandoval: Kind of expected me that
Gwenevere Abriel: Will die right in our lifetime, and kind of expect that, but not our
Show.
Elizabeth Sandoval: No, my mom.
Elizabeth Sandoval: She acts like you're strong. I don't really know what's gonna
Elizabeth Sandoval: Know, she had a she, she is in our team like strong and she's like, she's like, I know he's gonna be okay. Like, I know it's going to be in peace, you know,
Elizabeth Sandoval: I know she's hurting, but I just don't know what's gonna happen you know when the date does come
Elizabeth Sandoval: Maybe that's just like the mask that they learn to live.
Elizabeth Sandoval: I don't know.
Gwenevere Abriel: I. Are your parents there for you right now.
Elizabeth Sandoval: Well,
Elizabeth Sandoval: I've been a little like
Elizabeth Sandoval: Like I lost last two days. I just find it them to myself.
Elizabeth Sandoval: Because I guess I just haven't been filling good to my stomach and stuff. But yeah, they're there for me.
Elizabeth Sandoval: Um,
Elizabeth Sandoval: I just, I know they're, you know, with like with my brother, though, you know, and their programs are probably on here.
Gwenevere Abriel: Has there been an opportunity to have gatherings with mother and father together and you and your children. Has there been a way to kind of get together, or as coven keeping you apart or too much tension. Like, have you been able to get together.
Elizabeth Sandoval: Yeah, well, like when we go, Where's like my mom and my dad or will be both of my brothers. So it's like I said, we spent a lot of time together at my brother's house. You know, like where they're like a lot. So, yeah.
Elizabeth Sandoval: These last few days, like I said, my stomach been kind of messed up. So I didn't want to go over there, you know, maybe have like a little bug going on.
Elizabeth Sandoval: So I haven't been to my brothers, but I know like they're always nervous or somebody like that later. He's funny because he's like, like I just want everybody to leave me alone.
Elizabeth Sandoval: He's like, hi.
Elizabeth Sandoval: You're, you're, you're like, oh,
Elizabeth Sandoval: Good. He's just like wants to be left alone, but
Elizabeth Sandoval: He wants people in
Elizabeth Sandoval: Our
Gwenevere Abriel: So balancing what you want and a little bit of his having to reconcile because he's having to face this himself to and ultimately we do
Gwenevere Abriel: We do die alone. Right. I mean, no matter even if someone's there we face that ourselves. And I'm wondering if he wants those moments to to sort of process it and you can't quite do it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Maybe he's trying to show a happy face for you for mom. But maybe maybe in the quiet, he can sort of process it and and sort of get in touch with his own spirituality and kind of reconciling that as much as you can. I mean, you probably have so much
Gwenevere Abriel: You know,
Gwenevere Abriel: opiate in him. I don't know, but
Gwenevere Abriel: I just wonder if if that's okay for him. Is that okay, that he takes some time for himself. Alright.
Elizabeth Sandoval: Alright, so when he asked some time to get out of the room and you know he's like
Elizabeth Sandoval: Can you guys like stop talking.
You know,
Elizabeth Sandoval: They'll say it so but y'all say like, okay, let's find brother or
Elizabeth Sandoval: Uncle go out there, seeking threats or whatever.
Elizabeth Sandoval: But um you know the last time he was trying to like he hasn't been making much sense. So like
Elizabeth Sandoval: No, like I think he'll be thinking of like the last spot. Maybe he was sleeping. We'll pause and then it'll be like five minutes later and healthy like oh
Elizabeth Sandoval: You know, he's in and out.
Elizabeth Sandoval: Awful man they're bringing them. They bought them a hospital bed and stuff because it's hard for him to breathe correctly. So he's like, why are you bringing you all this stuff they brought in a wheelchair. Like, I don't even know curry bringing all this stuff for me for
Elizabeth Sandoval: Me, but he just ramped off with the food.
Elizabeth Sandoval: Kind of, or I think he did all he's been having a lot of false
Elizabeth Sandoval: So it's not what
Gwenevere Abriel: You described your relationship with as
Gwenevere Abriel: You guys just have each other, something that you had explained as if somehow you had this
Gwenevere Abriel: That's all you have is one another that that sense is that continuing to be the feeling
Gwenevere Abriel: I just just he and I, I wondered what you meant by that. So,
Elizabeth Sandoval: Well, I mean, like, just growing up and my best wedding. No.
Elizabeth Sandoval: And it's funny because he's always been. I feel like I've always been like this, a little stronger than some wings like he needed me. You know, it's like when we
Elizabeth Sandoval: Plan, we
Elizabeth Sandoval: Like dark and he's like a big guy. He's six years older than me. So here I am like, okay, like let's push push push our best together makes a little sense. And then we were good, like, you know, we were just tired all the time he was just
Elizabeth Sandoval: He was never like I mean, brother, you know, feat a funny show like some brothers and sisters each each other, open, you never have fights like that we were just we always got along pretty well.
Elizabeth Sandoval: Set when I got older, you will try to like me. I don't like that guy or I don't like that day or, you know,
Gwenevere Abriel: Being protective
Elizabeth Sandoval: Yeah, the big brother for you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Tell me, tell me about
Gwenevere Abriel: That breath and that that hand motion. Are you feeling especially anxious this morning.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is it, is it the dynamic in here. Is it about the rest of the day. Is it your son. What do you think the the primary anxious part is
Gwenevere Abriel: Not wanting to talk, is it kind of you prefer to just be quiet and
Gwenevere Abriel: not feel well, tell me about the anxiety.
Elizabeth Sandoval: Or is this just anxiety of knowing what's going to come, you know, but
Elizabeth Sandoval: I don't know, I just think of all the things and all the claims that you my brother have had, you know,
Elizabeth Sandoval: When we grow up like when we're going up.
Gwenevere Abriel: But those those memories aren't going anywhere. And the more you talk with
Gwenevere Abriel: That means that they're not going to disappear from your brain.
Gwenevere Abriel: They'll get pruned away. So we've got to keep talking about them. Right. Yeah. Probably don't just your memory, it starts to fade a bit talking about them. So tell me more, tell me another sweet story about you.
Elizabeth Sandoval: Just like when we say we were just always makeup jokes and
Elizabeth Sandoval: Like you, it always makes me laugh. You know, before I went to sleep.
Elizabeth Sandoval: We used to watch the Three Stooges and your little and then the other day. The other night I woke up and I never on like it three something in the morning.
Elizabeth Sandoval: Like I thought about him.
Elizabeth Sandoval: We're just like when playing and riding bikes together.
Elizabeth Sandoval: You know,
Elizabeth Sandoval: I remember he would make me his like little
Elizabeth Sandoval: Like his, his even football, so he put me on his like football pads and everything.
Elizabeth Sandoval: Yeah. Ya know, like stand there and put on. He put all these tabs on me. And then he like,
Elizabeth Sandoval: Not run me over all crazy but
Elizabeth Sandoval: You know,
Elizabeth Sandoval: I don't know what kinds of fun things. And then when we got older, just like
Elizabeth Sandoval: GOING CAMPING
Elizabeth Sandoval: You know,
Elizabeth Sandoval: Time with her thumb.
Elizabeth Sandoval: Where one time we went to pickles or something. And we were pretty far like down, you know, to drop goes down because like the rivers quite down the wave and I had my daughter, she was a baby at the time was a big and
Elizabeth Sandoval: Oh my gosh, it started raining so hard, like, so we had to get everything and then we are all of us and all the kids are running up bigger and the lightning was so bad and all the kids are speaking now.
Elizabeth Sandoval: And we're just like, so when we have to and kind of ruined the mission.
Gwenevere Abriel: If you were to to share in some way. Maybe now maybe later.
Gwenevere Abriel: He said to him for what he taught you about yourself.
Gwenevere Abriel: What do you think you would be grateful to him for what he taught you about life or about yourself. What are you grateful for.
Elizabeth Sandoval: Just that means to always like
Elizabeth Sandoval: He's always been
Elizabeth Sandoval: He saw dependable, you know, like
Elizabeth Sandoval: A such a great father apparent.
Elizabeth Sandoval: Uh huh, kids, you know,
Elizabeth Sandoval: He was when he was. Well, I mean, you know, like I said he was
Elizabeth Sandoval: Just really
Elizabeth Sandoval: Strong
Elizabeth Sandoval: Being there for my kids when after their father died.
Elizabeth Sandoval: So he like took on the role of third father than two.
Elizabeth Sandoval: Because my boys were little. They were privately son was how you can so
Elizabeth Sandoval: He spent a lot of time with the boys.
Elizabeth Sandoval: So,
Elizabeth Sandoval: I'm really thankful for that.
Elizabeth Sandoval: Comes out
Gwenevere Abriel: I just, I guess I had wondered if it was a bit like you're losing their father again was
Elizabeth Sandoval: School
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, I had wondered
Elizabeth Sandoval: older boy.
Elizabeth Sandoval: I just want to go to this again.
Elizabeth Sandoval: Like I heard from my god that was just my husband, he wasn't big blood with this is my brother, my blood, you know, late brother.
Elizabeth Sandoval: It's still affecting so I just
Elizabeth Sandoval: I know this has been in effect for awhile.
Elizabeth Sandoval: Forever.
Elizabeth Sandoval: I just let her be strong.
Gwenevere Abriel: You will
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you think that you could do to offer for your son.
Gwenevere Abriel: That alcohol cannot give. Do you think you can offer it alcohol just won't fill that void. You think you can do
Elizabeth Sandoval: Just maybe say peace.
Elizabeth Sandoval: Be there for you to talk and like one night, you know, when how we had that conversation about, you know, instead of getting mad at him for, like, cuz he came home, not too long ago in not in good shape.
Elizabeth Sandoval: Right, so I was at first I was like, oh, you know what, I went in. I told him, hey what's going on and I cradled in basically like a little be, you know, a nice
Elizabeth Sandoval: Pace, and they help them when they just he was talking about my brother. He was talking about wait about his dad, you know, they just let him loose let it out, you know,
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes.
Elizabeth Sandoval: And that was such a good like
Elizabeth Sandoval: A relief is such a better
Elizabeth Sandoval: Idea is that we actually not like, Oh my God, you know, but he just like let it out. So that was great.
Elizabeth Sandoval: And it was good.
Gwenevere Abriel: That was beautiful. Right, that's, that's where he you are holding containing that grief for him.
Gwenevere Abriel: Again, who holds and contains yours.
Elizabeth Sandoval: You know your
Gwenevere Abriel: Mother kind of puts her head in the sand. A bit doesn't she, she's not really sort of she's pretending like it's not like everything's as usual.
Elizabeth Sandoval: Well yeah, I mean,
Elizabeth Sandoval: I guess maybe I'm just trying, or I put that facade, but I don't need that, you know, like, I'm just trying to be strong for her to, you know, I don't need that.
Elizabeth Sandoval: You know, so maybe that's why
Elizabeth Sandoval: I
Elizabeth Sandoval: I mean, if my parents agree. I definitely say like, you know, they're not there for me to, they are
Elizabeth Sandoval: My dad great man. My mom's a great woman.
Elizabeth Sandoval: Or just
Elizabeth Sandoval: Not
Elizabeth Sandoval: Not I guess that affection in like giving hugs when stuff.
Right, you know,
Elizabeth Sandoval: But, um,
Gwenevere Abriel: But it
Gwenevere Abriel: Matters, though, because you're left you're you're helping your son and your, you know, you were containing that you
Gwenevere Abriel: Then you need to feel that sense of support. Now I know you were dating someone but is he, as he kind of moved out for a little while.
Elizabeth Sandoval: No, you know,
Elizabeth Sandoval: Like he's
Elizabeth Sandoval: He's been giving me support, you know, I mean, people can, you know, help people better as far as, you know, going, going with us.
Elizabeth Sandoval: You know he's helping me
Elizabeth Sandoval: I mean he works during the day and he's also doing school so he's a little preoccupied to so I expect you know
Elizabeth Sandoval: Too much, but he is here for me, you know, here for the kids. Good. Does the shopping for me, which is great to go to the girls prefer doesn't like everything
Elizabeth Sandoval: Works every day.
Elizabeth Sandoval: So,
Gwenevere Abriel: How are you filling your days. What are you doing most of the days are you doing
Elizabeth Sandoval: My brothers.
Elizabeth Sandoval: Or two little kids, they're all they're wrapping up school, but they've been doing like online school
Gwenevere Abriel: So,
Elizabeth Sandoval: Today's their last is so usually on movie did you have school or make sure they do that stuff and
Elizabeth Sandoval: Do our laundry.
Elizabeth Sandoval: whatever I need to do around the house.
Elizabeth Sandoval: And yes,
Elizabeth Sandoval: I've been exercising so special. In the morning
Elizabeth Sandoval: So better wouldn't do that for myself. And then I've been. I always I've been writing a lot in my journal
Elizabeth Sandoval: Like, even when
Elizabeth Sandoval: You know, we don't have an opinion. But I, you know, if I just feeling the same way. All right. Whatever, I'm feeling
Elizabeth Sandoval: What what is
Gwenevere Abriel: That because you you touched on it a little bit.
Gwenevere Abriel: Maybe exploring over this next week with that journal that you have there may be a topic of
Gwenevere Abriel: What my brother taught me about life.
Gwenevere Abriel: Really going in depth to it.
Gwenevere Abriel: As in what I learned about life, thanks to my brother. Thank you for getting right into what you to appreciate and value in your own life.
Gwenevere Abriel: Maybe spending a little bit
Gwenevere Abriel: And that
Elizabeth Sandoval: Was that next part. You said something about right.
Elizabeth Sandoval: What
Gwenevere Abriel: What you're grateful to him for
Gwenevere Abriel: But specifically what he showed you what He taught you. What has left you with that's the piece that's important that it's not going anywhere that part.
Gwenevere Abriel: Will be learn something. It's ours.
Gwenevere Abriel: Gotta practice it.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right, can get forgotten. But we've got to keep practicing. But once we learn something that's ours.
Gwenevere Abriel: So maybe a little bit of time, that can be a journal topic.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right, I'm going to go to slack and just send a little message over to Dr. Solomon. Do you want me to say it because we do need additional medication just
Elizabeth Sandoval: Yeah.
Elizabeth Sandoval: What do you need. Yeah, because I need because he wrote me bridge me till today.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Elizabeth Sandoval: from Monday to just
Elizabeth Sandoval: Work on Monday.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so
Gwenevere Abriel: Counting, but did you need Clonidine or anything additional
Elizabeth Sandoval: No, I think I have refills.
Elizabeth Sandoval: And I know he gave me a free refills on them.
Elizabeth Sandoval: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right.
Gwenevere Abriel: I would say go, go into that journal, write down some stuff connects you more and more to to how he is with you forever just really getting closer and closer to those those memories. Those awareness.
Gwenevere Abriel: When you want to maybe it'll be a few minutes at a time each day.
Elizabeth Sandoval: Will be you know his favorite movie is urban cowboy. He loves that movie.
Elizabeth Sandoval: But I see like I can see that will be honored like
Elizabeth Sandoval: That that's one of his favorite movies and they're like john travolta
Elizabeth Sandoval: Yeah.
Elizabeth Sandoval: So I remember all these little things. So I write them down. You know, so I don't forget.
Gwenevere Abriel: What comes up for you around doing this journaling around. Thank you for what you taught me.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right, I really wanting you to get that it's it's still with you that piece is important. It's not going
Elizabeth Sandoval: To send you another picture of my brother when he was like
Elizabeth Sandoval: It's probably about four months ago, but you'll see the difference.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Harrison. All right, I'll see you next week. Be good to
Elizabeth Sandoval: Thank you. Have a beautiful day.